hello to all and welcome to this
video my last video starts
today to date that's why I
decided to put myself back to the videos and
today after my work on lehman
map and on the slaughterhouse enclosures I
decided to work on the production
automatic food and others
things
it gave birth to the map that
i call cpae or production centers
agricultural and livestock
so it's a huge center in
which produced the most comas
tically possible and in mass
foods that are
plant or animal and are sold
directly in a supermarket
included at the center the production so a
balance such center can be achieved on
a server to feed on a big
server to feed a lot of people or
solo on a small scale for a single
nobody but really very very very
easily
you will not miss any more food
with a particular establishment
so here is a small aerial view
from the center it takes a little time to
load as I make the video here
we are in front of the entrance here we are
from the supermarket here we can see the plan
from the center so this video she's going
serve to introduce to do a little
quick tour of the center and after I
will devote a video to each of
automatic systems of the center so we
try to topic is to make
most automatic systems possible
so some systems are semi
automatic others are automatic
not all systems can be
fully automatic causes
limitations of the game so here we are
in the supermarket
distributors with all that
it is produced in the center
so here everyone here a whole
server can come to refuel in
in different commodities that are even
not necessarily food since we're going
talk about it in the big cactus too where he
there is a wooden shop of a acts of
the aisne really we try to produce
everything that is easily producible
but if it is the breeding center
so it's going to improve jobs
oven beater so they still produce
simpler and so we are there stale of
animals we will go make a little robot
here we find the serra melon or rather
presstek is here so we produce the
pumpkins here is the system itself
I will introduce you in my next
video here I created effects of
pigs with stool in the canes
fishing to move faster
in the center of his big size
there you can see the cocoa lasserre
since now we can grow
cocoa which is quite practical
here mushroom cultivation so the
giant mushrooms are for the moment
the best way to grow cement from
mushroom one manufactures which one cultivates
also wood here so with this these
small forests of all types of wood
that there is so this wood is sold here
in the little shop we make
also dyes so here this little
parterre is also to cultivate
seeds and therefore flowers thanks to the
bone powder if you have ten pens
colored sheep for the same color
launched in part
it's big there so many shocks
here is the fishing rod with the cane to
sugar per year through a system
automatic piston and current
others there we can see the cactus
always according to m as well as with
pistons and water currents I
will detail in the next hours
then above the center of
production you have the greenhouse so the
very big greenhouse of wheat here there are 400
wheat systems so that's done
a lot of food not only
their blades recalled is a semi system
automatic since you have to replant
the hand here is the practical side of the
wheat I would say it's the same thing for
carrots and potatoes that have been
introduced recently in the game that
I placed here outside so here we go
we see that this center is enough is
big enough and really produces a lot
a lot of the food theme there there
really have a lot of people before
I'll let you do if the
cavs is the breeding center
here we produce warts
of universe there is an underground lake
intended for fishing and a shop of
magic they have magic sytèmes
for him on the center so here is the
come universe here
on earth here we go we go for a role
increased the ability to fish for
manual fishing there is no way to fish
fish automatically unfortunately
I wanted to do even a little by little
really driving it all it is
possible to eat and I wanted to do
a magic shop too since
it is many hours of things that
found in the concept of magic and
of cultivable items here is the shop
is not quite finished yet
but she is already well advanced
here I did a little visit
fast of those to suspend and so
after I will detail you each of
systems precisely during my
next videos
do not hesitate to leave a small
comment
you liked the name besides is a
little bit their possibly always
pleasure
subscribe too thank you for having
watched this video and see you soon
I hope